hello folks I'm excited to show you the
830 John Deere tractor bunk bed I've
been working on this for a couple months
and soon will be delivering it to my
grandson it features top and bottom
sleeping we also have headlights
taillights and dome lights for reading a
little typing operate the lights from up
here turn on the tail lights and
headlights they can turn on reading
lights just above their hands and we
also feature a loader that goes up and
down now I have lots of fun with this
let me do
and several features that are built into
this safety features and I want to
congratulate my brother Rob for doing
such a great job wearing the electrical
box up for operating this loader and I'm
going to take you around to the back of
the bed let me take you around to the
back of the bed turn on some lights here
and as you can see we're coming around
here the we use a half inch electric
drill to drive the screw Jack's that
lift it up and down the loader and
inside this box you really can't see
what's inside the box there but it's
filled up with relays circuit breakers
the limit switches transformers it's
designed to operate on 12 and 24 volts
so the little kids don't electrocute
themselves that was a good idea that my
brother had now you may be wondering
what they 30 stands for well that's
bedtime for the low tights